NAME
       infer-compile - compile project from within the infer environment

SYNOPSIS
       infer compile -- [compile command]

DESCRIPTION
       Intercepts compilation commands similarly to infer-capture, but simply
       execute these compilation commands and do not perform any translation
       of the source files. This can be useful to configure build systems or
       for debugging purposes.

OPTIONS
       --debug,-g
           Activates: Debug mode (also sets --debug-level 2,
           --developer-mode, --print-buckets, --print-types,
           --reports-include-ml-loc, --no-only-cheap-debug, --trace-error,
           --write-html) (Conversely: --no-debug | -G)

       --debug-level level
           Debug level (sets --bo-debug level, --debug-level-analysis level,
           --debug-level-capture level):
             - 0: only basic debugging enabled
             - 1: verbose debugging enabled
             - 2: very verbose debugging enabled

       --debug-level-analysis int
           Debug level for the analysis. See --debug-level for accepted
           values.

       --debug-level-capture int
           Debug level for the capture. See --debug-level for accepted
           values.

       --debug-level-report int
           Debug level for the report. See --debug-level for accepted values.

       --force-delete-results-dir
           Activates: Do not refuse to delete the results directory if it
           doesn't look like an infer results directory. (Conversely:
           --no-force-delete-results-dir)

       --help
           Show this manual

       --help-format { auto | groff | pager | plain }
           Show this help in the specified format. auto sets the format to
           plain if the environment variable TERM is "dumb" or undefined, and
           to pager otherwise.

       --help-full
           Show this manual with all internal options in the INTERNAL OPTIONS
           section

ENVIRONMENT
       INFER_ARGS, INFERCONFIG, INFER_STRICT_MODE
           See the ENVIRONMENT section in the manual of infer(1).

FILES
       .inferconfig
           See the FILES section in the manual of infer(1).

EXAMPLES
       cmake(1) hardcodes the absolute paths to the compiler inside the
       Makefiles it generates, which defeats the later capture of compilation
       commands by infer. Thus, to capture a CMake project, one should
       configure the project from within the infer build environment, for
       instance:

         mkdir build && cd build
         infer compile -- cmake ..
         infer capture -- make

       The same solution can be used for projects whose "./configure" script
       hardcodes the paths to the compilers, for instance:

         infer compile -- ./configure
         infer capture -- make

       Another solution for CMake projects is to use CMake's compilation
       databases, for instance:

         mkdir build && cd build
         cmake -DCMAKE_EXPORT_COMPILE_COMMANDS=1 ..
         infer capture --compilation-database compile_commands.json

SEE ALSO
       infer-capture(1)

