NAME
       infer-explore - explore the error traces in infer reports

SYNOPSIS
       infer explore [options]
       infer explore --procedures [options]
       infer explore --source-files [options]


DESCRIPTION
       If --procedures is passed, print information about each procedure
       captured by infer.

       If --source-files is passed, print information about captured source
       files.

       Otherwise, show the list of bugs on the console and explore symbolic
       program traces emitted by infer to explain a report. Can also generate
       an HTML report from a JSON report.



OPTIONS
       --help
           Show this manual

       --help-format { auto | groff | pager | plain }
           Show this help in the specified format. auto sets the format to
           plain if the environment variable TERM is "dumb" or undefined, and
           to pager otherwise.

       --help-full
           Show this manual with all internal options in the INTERNAL OPTIONS
           section

       --results-dir,-o dir
           Write results and internal files in the specified directory
EXPLORE BUGS
       --html
           Activates: Generate html report. (Conversely: --no-html)

       --max-nesting int
           Level of nested procedure calls to show. Trace elements beyond the
           maximum nesting level are skipped. If omitted, all levels are
           shown.

       --only-show
           Activates: Show the list of reports and exit (Conversely:
           --no-only-show)

       --select N
           Select bug number N. If omitted, prompt for input.

       --no-source-preview
           Deactivates: print code excerpts around trace elements
           (Conversely: --source-preview)
EXPLORE PROCEDURES
       --procedures
           Activates: Print functions and methods discovered by infer
           (Conversely: --no-procedures)

       --procedures-attributes
           Activates: Print the attributes of each procedure in the output of
           --procedures (Conversely: --no-procedures-attributes)

       --no-procedures-definedness
           Deactivates: Include procedures definedness in the output of
           --procedures, i.e. whether the procedure definition was found, or
           only the procedure declaration, or the procedure is an
           auto-generated Objective-C accessor (Conversely:
           --procedures-definedness)

       --procedures-filter filter
           With --procedures, only print functions and methods (procedures)
           matching the specified filter. A procedure filter is of the form
           path_pattern:procedure_name. Patterns are interpreted as OCaml Str
           regular expressions. For instance, to keep only methods named
           "foo", one can use the filter ".*:foo", or "foo" for short.

       --procedures-name
           Activates: Include procedures names in the output of --procedures
           (Conversely: --no-procedures-name)

       --no-procedures-source-file
           Deactivates: Include the source file in which the procedure
           definition or declaration was found in the output of --procedures
           (Conversely: --procedures-source-file)
EXPLORE SOURCE FILES
       --source-files
           Activates: Print source files discovered by infer (Conversely:
           --no-source-files)

       --source-files-cfg
           Activates: Output a dotty file in infer-out/captured for each
           source file in the output of --source-files (Conversely:
           --no-source-files-cfg)

       --source-files-filter filter
           With --source-files, only print source files matching the
           specified filter. The filter is a pattern that should match the
           file path. Patterns are interpreted as OCaml Str regular
           expressions.

       --source-files-freshly-captured
           Activates: Print whether the source file has been captured in the
           most recent capture phase in the output of --source-files.
           (Conversely: --no-source-files-freshly-captured)

       --source-files-procedure-names
           Activates: Print the names of procedure of each source file in the
           output of --source-files (Conversely:
           --no-source-files-procedure-names)

       --source-files-type-environment
           Activates: Print the type environment of each source file in the
           output of --source-files (Conversely:
           --no-source-files-type-environment)


ENVIRONMENT
       INFER_ARGS, INFERCONFIG, INFER_STRICT_MODE
           See the ENVIRONMENT section in the manual of infer(1).

FILES
       .inferconfig
           See the FILES section in the manual of infer(1).




SEE ALSO
       infer-report(1), infer-run(1)



