NAME
       infer-debug - print internal infer data structures

SYNOPSIS
       infer debug --global-tenv
       infer debug --procedures [options]
       infer debug --source-files [options]

DESCRIPTION
       If --procedures is passed, print information about each procedures
       captured by infer.

       If --source-files is passed, print information about captured source
       files.

       If --global-tenv is passed, print the global type environment (if
       any).

       At least one of the above options must be passed.

OPTIONS
       --help
           Show this manual

       --help-format { auto | groff | pager | plain }
           Show this help in the specified format. auto sets the format to
           plain if the environment variable TERM is "dumb" or undefined, and
           to pager otherwise.

       --help-full
           Show this manual with all internal options in the INTERNAL OPTIONS
           section

       --preanalysis-html
           Activates: Whether the HTML node printing for preanalysis is
           enabled or not. Set to false by default since this helps focus on
           debugging just the enabled analyses. (Conversely:
           --no-preanalysis-html)

       --select (N|all)
           Select option number N or all of them. If omitted, prompt for
           input.

DEBUG GLOBAL TYPE ENVIRONMENT
       --global-tenv
           Activates: Print the global type environment. (Conversely:
           --no-global-tenv)

DEBUG PROCEDURES
       --procedures
           Activates: Print functions and methods discovered by infer
           (Conversely: --no-procedures)

       --procedures-attributes
           Activates: Print the attributes of each procedure in the output of
           --procedures (Conversely: --no-procedures-attributes)

       --procedures-call-graph
           Activates: Output a dotty file in
           infer-out/captured/syntactic-call-graph.dot. The graph is the
           syntactic call graph reachable from either all captured procedures
           or those determined by the option --changed-files-index.
           (Conversely: --no-procedures-call-graph)

       --procedures-callees
           Activates: Print the static callees of each procedure in the
           output of --procedures (Conversely: --no-procedures-callees)

       --procedures-cfg
           Activates: Output a dotty file in
           infer-out/captured/<file_name>/<proc_name>.dot for each procedure
           in the output of --procedures (Conversely: --no-procedures-cfg)

       --no-procedures-definedness
           Deactivates: Include procedures definedness in the output of
           --procedures, i.e. whether the procedure definition was found, or
           only the procedure declaration, or the procedure is an
           auto-generated Objective-C accessor (Conversely:
           --procedures-definedness)

       --procedures-filter filter
           With --procedures, only print functions and methods (procedures)
           matching the specified filter. A procedure filter is of the form
           path_pattern:procedure_name. Patterns are interpreted as OCaml Str
           regular expressions. For instance, to keep only methods named
           "foo", one can use the filter ".*:foo", or "foo" for short.

       --procedures-name
           Activates: Include procedures names in the output of --procedures
           (Conversely: --no-procedures-name)

       --no-procedures-source-file
           Deactivates: Include the source file in which the procedure
           definition or declaration was found in the output of --procedures
           (Conversely: --procedures-source-file)

       --procedures-summary
           Activates: Print the summaries of each procedure in the output of
           --procedures. See also --procedures-summary-skip-empty.
           (Conversely: --no-procedures-summary)

       --procedures-summary-json
           Activates: Emit the summaries of each procedure in the output of
           --procedures as JSON (Conversely: --no-procedures-summary-json)

       --procedures-summary-skip-empty
           Activates: Completely skip procedures that do not have summaries.
           Useful when analyzing a small part of a big project. (To use in
           conjunction with --procedures-summary or
           --procedures-summary-json. See also --changed-files-index.)
           (Conversely: --no-procedures-summary-skip-empty)

DEBUG SOURCE FILES
       --complete-capture-from path
           Provide the path to an infer results directory containing a
           capture database. The capture database specified with
           --results-dir) (which must exist) will be completed from the input
           database and according to the missing-* files in the results
           directory. The exit code will be equal to the number of rows added
           to the capture database.

       --extract-capture-from path
           Provide the path to an infer results directory containing a
           capture database. Together with a list of files provided through
           the obligatory use of --changed-files-index, create a new capture
           database containing only the artefacts related to these files (in
           the location specified with --results-dir).

       --source-files
           Activates: Print source files discovered by infer (Conversely:
           --no-source-files)

       --source-files-call-graph
           Activates: Output a dotty file in
           infer-out/captured/file-call-graph.dot. The graph is the
           file-based syntactic call graph of all captured procedures (with
           known translation units). (Conversely:
           --no-source-files-call-graph)

       --source-files-call-graph-partition int
           The number of partitions to divide the set of captured source
           files, using static call graph information. The generated file
           lists are found under infer-out/captured/workerXX.idx. Not setting
           this option skips partitioning. This is used for distributed
           analysis.

       --source-files-cfg
           Activates: Output a dotty file in infer-out/captured for each
           source file in the output of --source-files (Conversely:
           --no-source-files-cfg)

       --source-files-filter filter
           With --source-files, only print source files matching the
           specified filter. The filter is a pattern that should match the
           file path. Patterns are interpreted as OCaml Str regular
           expressions.

       --source-files-freshly-captured
           Activates: Print whether the source file has been captured in the
           most recent capture phase in the output of --source-files.
           (Conversely: --no-source-files-freshly-captured)

       --source-files-procedure-names
           Activates: Print the names of procedure of each source file in the
           output of --source-files (Conversely:
           --no-source-files-procedure-names)

       --source-files-type-environment
           Activates: Print the type environment of each source file in the
           output of --source-files (Conversely:
           --no-source-files-type-environment)

ENVIRONMENT
       INFER_ARGS, INFERCONFIG, INFER_STRICT_MODE
           See the ENVIRONMENT section in the manual of infer(1).

FILES
       .inferconfig
           See the FILES section in the manual of infer(1).

SEE ALSO
       infer-explore(1), infer-report(1)

